.TH KCEMU-REMOTE 1
.SH NAME
kcemu-remote \- A remote controller for the KC 85/4 Emulator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kcemu-remote command [param1=value1] [param2=value2] ...
.br
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR kcemu-remote
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.B kcemu-remote
can control an already running KCemu by sending commands.
The communication is done via the X Window System and
is network transparent as long as the X Window Display can be
accessed.

.SH EXAMPLE COMMANDS
.TP
.B emu-reset
Reset the emulator.
.TP
.B emu-power-on
Power-On Reset the emulator.
.TP
.B emu-quit
Exit the emulator.
.TP
.B kc-image-load filename=/absolute/path/to/imagefile
Load a program into the emulator (if the given file is not
found a filerequester will pop up).
.TP
.B kc-image-run filename=/absolute/path/to/imagefile
Just like kc-image-load but tries to start the program
after it is loaded.
.TP
.B floppy-attach filename=/absolute/path/to/diskimage
The only way to change disk images for now (the user
interface is not functional ;-)).
.TP
.B keyboard-replay test=text_to_insert
Send the text to the emulator.
.SH BUGS
There is no error handling and it's not possible to specify an
emulator instance if more than one emulator is running.
.SH SEE ALSO
kcemu(1x), kctape(1), kc2tap(1), kc2wav(1), kc2img(1), kc2raw(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Torsten Paul <Torsten.Paul@gmx.de>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
